LLM customized dashboard (#1028)
neo4j/docs-aura: modules/ROOT/pages/dashboards/create-dashboards-with-ai.adoc

[NOTE]
====
When creating a dashboard with AI, the AI analyzes your link:https://neo4j.com/docs/operations-manual/current/procedures/#procedure_db_schema_visualization[database schema], that is, the node labels and relationship types of your database.
It cannot read the actual data in your database. 
This keeps your data private.
====

== AI as a starting point
You can always edit an AI-generated dashboard. 
Use AI as a starting point, and then build on it by editing the output - and refining Cypher queries, visualizations, colors, and layouts to match your needs.

== Example

Note that the following examples might differ when you reproduce them.
This is due to the nature of how LLM processing works.

Copy the following prompt or create your own and use it to create a dashboard:

.Prompt
[source]
----
Focus on the French market, giving me an overview over recent top customers, top selling products, currently available stock, a category overview and sales volume per quarter.
----

Then, use the second screen to further work on the layout and types of charts.

For example:

.Prompt
[source]
----

> Add more bar charts to existing pages. And, add a page that focuses on beverages.

Reviewer: What about this 
```suggestion
Move the bar chart on the top of the first page to the bottom of the second page and add a pie chart over the distribution of beverage types.
```
